# Copyright 2010-2011 Benjamin Lee Smith <benjamin.lee.smith@gmail.com>
#
# This file is part of CafePress Wrapper.
# CafePress Wrapper is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
# it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
# the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
# (at your option) any later version.
#
# CafePress Wrapper is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
# but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
# MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
# GNU General Public License for more details.
#
# You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
# along with CafePress Wrapper.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

== INTRODUCTION ==

WORK IN PROGRESS!

CafePress Wrapper was built to create a portal for multiple CafePress basic stores.
The intent is to create a fully fledged site where all product browsing and searching
is done on the wrapper site, while selecting specific sizes/colors/etc, shopping
cart functionality, and checkout is all done normally on cafepress.com

CafePress Wrapper is a Rails plugin distributed as a gem. Currently, there is a lot
of code which is specific to rockclimbingshirts.com. I am in the process of removing
this code and replacing it with generic stuff.

Runs great on Heroku.

== TODO ==

* Write setup howto
* Remove rockclimbingshirts.com specific stuff and create generic pages

== EXAMPLE ==

* Create new rails project:
> rails new cpw_test
... bunch of rails output ...
> cd cpw_test

* Add the CafePress Wrapper gem by adding the following line to Gemfile
gem 'cafepress_wrapper'

* Install the gem
> bundle install
... bunch of output, make sure you see Installing/Using cafepress_wrapper ...

* Create database
> rake db:create

* Migrate database
> rake cafepress_wrapper:db:migrate
... lots o' output ...

* Copy over static assets and config file
> rake cafepress_wrapper:install:all
... list of files copied and where ...

* Remove default index.html
> rm public/index.html

* Start rails server
> rails server

* Open http://localhost:3000/ in your web browser
You should see a pretty blank page with just header/footer/menu

* Add a basic cafepress store by store id (humancrashpad for this example)
> rake cafepress_wrapper:add_store[humancrashpad]

* Refresh http://localhost:3000/